Windows Eiffel Library (WEL)
ISE, Inc.
----------------------------

1. What is WEL?
---------------

The new Windows Eiffel Library (WEL), which has been designed to 
make Windows programming easier, more reliable, more convenient, 
and more powerful.  

The most obvious definition of WEL is that it is an encapsulation of 
Windows primitives, making it possible for users of Graphical Eiffel 
for Windows to have direct access to the Windows graphical API. 

But this is only part of the truth. WEL provides considerable benefits 
of its own: the ability to work in a much simpler, move convenient and 
safer way than if you were using the Windows primitives directly, for
example from C. 

This advantage comes from the abstraction facilities of Eiffel, which 
make it possible to encapsulate many low-level details so that 
developers can concentrate on the functionality, not implementation 
requirements. 

So even for specific and OS-dependent tasks such as using a particular 
graphical API, the benefits of the Eiffel method and of reusable Eiffel 
components will show up quickly.


2. What WEL does not include yet?
---------------------------------

o New Windows 95 common controls.

o Common dialog boxes (Print, Page setup, Choose font, Choose color,
  Find and replace). However, the File open and File save dialog boxes 
  are available. They will be available in future release.


3. Documentation
----------------

The documentation is not yet available but the shipped examples should
be a good start to understand how to use WEL.


4. Examples
-----------

WEL includes a few examples (Eiffel classes and an executable) which are:

o Minimal: The minimal WEL program (in term of lines of code able to
  create a windows application).

o Hello: The famous ``Hello, World!'' program in WEL.

o XY: A simple program that shows the coordinates of the mouse
  when the button is pressed.

o Menus: This example illustrates dynamic creation of menus and
  track popup menus.

o MDI: A basic Muliple Document Interface application.

o Controls: This example demontrates several Windows controls.

o Fun: Some funny stuff using the GDI classes of WEL.

o Pizza: Order your pizza with WEL.

o Brushes: A nice example to illustrate the brushes.

o Windows: Shows the different kind of windows.

o Printer: A simple example to print a page.

o Xcell: A pretty nice card game (Compatible only with Windows 95/NT
  since Win32s has some DC limitations).

All the examples (except Xcell) are compatible with Windows 95, Windows NT and 
Windows 3.1 with Win32s 1.25 and above.


Enjoy!

--
The WEL team 
<wel@eiffel.com>
